Updated config in DB migration process & updated page heading hierarchy (#7366)
mattermost/docs: source/deploy/manual-postgres-migration.rst

  DEALLOCATE PREPARE alterIfExists;

Configuration in database
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If you were previously utilizing a database for handling the :doc:`Mattermost configuration </configure/configuration-in-your-database>`, those tables will not be migrated from your MySQL database with the migration `script <#migrate-the-data>`__. 

Two migrations are necessary:

- migrate database configuration to the file system
- migrate file system configuration back to the database

Migrate database configuration to the file system
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

Use the ``mmctl config migrate`` command to :ref:`migrate your config <manage/mmctl-command-line-tool:mmctl config migrate>` to the file system, as follows:

.. code-block:: sh

  mmctl config migrate "postgres://<DB_USER>:<DB_PASS>@<DB_HOST>:5432/<DB_NAME>?sslmode=disable&connect_timeout=10" /opt/mattermost/config/config.json --local

> 
> Where ``<DB_USER>``, ``<DB_PASS>``, ``<DB_HOST>``, and ``<DB_NAME>`` are replaced with your environment values. Ensure you use ``--local`` when running this command. The first parameters (``<DB_USER>``, ``<DB_PASS>``) is the database the configuration is stored in, the second parameter (``<DB_HOST>``, ``<DB_NAME>``) is the file we are saving the configuration to. 
> 
> Migrate file system configuration back to the database
> :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
> 
> To save configuration back to the database, Use the ``mmctl config migrate`` command again and reverse the parameters. Ensure you use the new database credentials moving it back to the target database.
> 
> After migrating the configuration, update the ``SqlSettings.DataSource`` and ``SqlSettings.DriverName`` fields to reflect new changes. To do so, in the Postgres database we should update the active configuration row:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Where ``<DB_USER>``, ``<DB_PASS>``, ``<DB_HOST>``, and ``<DB_NAME>`` are replaced with your environment values. Ensure you use ``--local`` when running this command. The first parameters (``<DB_USER>``, ``<DB_PASS>``) is the database the configuration is stored in, the second parameter (``<DB_HOST>``, ``<DB_NAME>``) is the file we are saving the configuration to. 

In the configuration file, update the ``SqlSettings.DataSource`` and ``SqlSettings.DriverName`` fields to reflect new changes. To do so, open the ``json`` file and change the respective fields.

Migrate file system configuration back to the database
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

To save configuration back to the database, Use the ``mmctl config migrate`` command again and reverse the parameters. Ensure you use the new database credentials moving it back to the target database.
```
